Soon, in a federal court that few Americans know exists, there will come a ruling on a constitutional principle that today barely exists but that could, if the judicial branch will resuscitate it, begin to rectify the imbalance between the legislative and executive branches. It is the "nondelegation doctrine," which expresses John Locke's justly famous but largely ignored admonition that institutions like the U.S. Congress, vested with the power "to make laws, and not to make legislators ... have no power to transfer their authority of making laws, and place it in other hands." The doctrine's revival might result from the Peanut Butter Criterion.

Acting under authority improvidently given by Congress to presidents in Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, the current president has, in the name of national security, imposed tariffs (taxes, collected at the border, paid by American consumers) on steel and aluminum imports from, among other nations, Canada, a U.S. military ally. How Canada threatens U.S. national security by selling inexpensive metals to U.S. defense industries, thereby effectively increasing the U.S. defense budget, is a puzzle for another day.

The U.S. Court of International Trade, which sits in New York, is mulling the argument, made on behalf of American steel importers and foreign steel producers, that the discretion that presidents enjoy under Section 232 is so vast that it amounts to unconstrained lawmaking. Hence it is an unconstitutional delegation of legislative power. The Trump administration not only makes the dubious assertion that imports have imperiled vital domestic metals manufacturers, it breezily says national security depends on a vibrant economy that is imperiled by imports. How the administration squares its fears about the dangerous fragility of the U.S. economy with the president's boasting about the economy's awesome strength is another puzzle.

During oral argument in December, one judge on the three-member panel asked a lawyer defending the administration's position if there is any product that the president does not have the congressionally conferred power to restrict imports on national security grounds: "Could he, say, put a tariff on peanut butter?" The judge got a foggily evasive answer.

Gary Lawson of Boston University School of Law has argued that the Constitution's structure and a "background" or "embedded" principle permit Congress to delegate to presidents discretion regarding matters "ancillary" to a statute but not regarding "fundamental matters." He says that the Constitution's Framers were not redundant when they said Congress could make laws "necessary and proper" for the exercise of an enumerated power (e.g., "to regulate commerce with foreign nations"). The two words have independent meaning: A "proper" law is not only necessary but consistent with, among other things, the separation of powers. Larry Alexander of the University of San Diego School of Law and Saikrishna Prakash of the University of Virginia School of Law have argued that a law cannot properly give to the president discretion to "make rules for the governance of society," which is legislating.

As when a president has an unreviewable power to impose taxes (tariffs) on an unlimited number of things (peanut butter?) in the name of an uncircumscribed goal (national security). Not since the Supreme Court's accommodation of -- actually, capitulation to -- the New Deal, has the court held (in the 1935 Schechter case) that although Congress may permit an executive agency or other entity to make subordinate rules within prescribed limits, it must stipulate policies and standards. In another 1935 case, the court voided a congressional grant of vast discretion to the president because, in the granting statute, Congress did not declare or even indicate any policy or standard to guide or limit the president.
 

If the Court of International Trade revives the nondelegation doctrine, this might reach the Supreme Court, which upheld Section 232 in a 1976 case that did not turn on the constitutional questions now presented. The court might flinch from the task of defining "excessive" delegation that makes a law not "proper." However, that task -- judging -- is the court's raison d'etre.

The Constitution's first words after the Preamble are: "All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress." All. James Madison was, as wise people usually are, an accomplished worrier who rarely worried about the wrong things. It turns out, however, that he did when, in Federalist 48, he worried about Congress "drawing all power into its impetuous vortex." For generations, Congress has been a centrifugal machine, spinning off powers. Limited government requires a limited president, which requires limits on what Congress can give away.

His tractor is so noisy that, when driving it, the man who calls himself "just a farmer from Butler County" puts his cellphone under his cap, set on vibrate. Charles Grassley, 85, who has served in the Senate longer than all but 11 of the 1,983 other senators -- and who still runs 3 miles four mornings a week -- does not have ample time for farming because he has visited all of Iowa's 99 counties every year for 38 years, and last missed a Senate vote 8,300 votes ago, when Iowa was flooded in 1993.

He is a non-lawyer who just left the chairmanship of the Judiciary Committee to become chairman of the Finance Committee. In his 45th year in Congress (he was in the House 1975-1981), he will help this institution recover some of the power it has improvidently -- and perhaps unconstitutionally -- delegated to presidents.

His committee's purview is vast -- he intends to address prescription drug prices -- but trade policy will be at the top of the committee's agenda. There is the revised agreement with Mexico and Canada to approve, and a developing agreement with Japan to partially undo the damage done by the president's scrapping of the Trans-Pacific Partnership.

Recently a representative of the European Union was in Grassley's office explaining why agriculture could not be included in a trade agreement. Grassley affably but unbendingly explained to her that there would be no agreement without agriculture. In order to dispel any fact-free superstitions about GMOs (genetically modified organisms), Grassley took from a small bag a genetically modified soybean and, to demonstrate its safety, chewed it as farmers do to test whether a bean's moisture indicates the crop is ready for harvest.

Grassley, who is the right Finance chairman for a Senate interested in clawing back powers, says: "The Constitution tasks Congress with the authority to regulate trade with foreign countries." And: "I do not believe that we should alienate our allies with tariffs disguised as national security protections."

President Trump has imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum imports from, among other places, placid, tranquil Canada, a military ally, because, he says, they threaten "national security." This is absurd, and he might soon pioneer a new dimension of preposterousness by saying that automobile imports do, too. Perhaps some contemporary Longfellow will celebrate the president as a Paul Revere, spreading the alarm to every village and farm: "The Audis are coming! The Audis are coming!"

Presidents can unilaterally impose taxes, which tariffs are, because 57 years ago, during the Cold War (11 days before President John Kennedy told the nation about the Cuban missile crisis), the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 became law. Its Section 232 empowers the president, upon a finding from the secretary of commerce (the president's employee) that this or that import jeopardizes "national security," to impose tariffs. The president's decision is almost completely immune to review.

Hakeem Jeffries has, it is whispered, ambitions. The 48-year-old congressman now in his fourth term representing portions of Brooklyn and Queens, has been elected chairman of the House Democratic Caucus, the party's fifth-most important leadership position, and when, however many years hence, Nancy Pelosi steps down, if Democrats control the House, Jeffries might become the first African-American speaker.

Personal political ambitions are as ubiquitous as they are necessary to produce noble public careers. Long after the assassination of his former law partner, William Herndon wrote that Lincoln's "ambition was a little engine that knew no rest." Aren't we glad that was so. Jeffries, however, also has a rarer and more needed ambition. It is the Madisonian ambition for his institution's dignity, strength and pre-eminence.

For the separation of powers to function properly, producing constitutional equilibrium, there must be rivalry between the legislative and executive branches. As Madison said, "Ambition must be made to counteract ambition. The interest of the man must be connected with the constitutional rights of the place." Or, today, the interest of the woman.

Greg Weiner, author of the best book about Madison's thought ("Madison's Metronome"), rightly celebrates the way the 35-day government shutdown ended: The House "stared down the presidency and won." In losing, Donald Trump behaved (reluctantly) as a president should, as "a constitutional actor subservient in policymaking matters to the will of Congress." Pelosi "acted like a speaker of the House laying a claim to primacy in policymaking." Says Weiner, "This was institutional hardball between branches not just with respect to policy but, more important, with respect to authority. Madisonians should rejoice."

In his 1962 State of the Union address, President John Kennedy told his congressional audience, "The Constitution makes us not rivals for power, but partners for progress." Such anesthetizing bromides serve the interests of presidents by diverting Congress from a truth expressed by the American Enterprise Institute's Jay Cost: Congress is not, as its members too often and too plaintively insist, a "coequal branch." It is superior. It creates all executive-branch offices other than president and vice president, and all Article III courts other than the Supreme Court, and can deny appointments to the executive and judicial branches, whereas "the other branches are largely incapable of interfering with Congress." The executive power enforces the law, the judicial power resolves controversies under the law. The legislative power makes the law: "It comes first."

Jeffries understands intra-branch rivalry: Much that this Democratic-controlled House will send to the Republican-controlled Senate will be euthanized there. But the Democratic Party will thereby define itself and its opponent regarding such matters as curbing health care costs, particularly (this was the most surprisingly salient issue of the 2018 elections) the cost of prescription drugs, by using the government's bulk-purchasing power. Furthermore, having participated in last year's bipartisan criminal justice reform, Jeffries thinks a big bipartisan infrastructure measure is possible.

His district is five miles from that of Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, the left's enfant terrible du jour who provides sophomores of all ages with daily frissons from socialist daring ("We [millennials] never experienced, really, a time of true economic prosperity in the United States"; zero carbon emissions in 12 years). For her, politics is performance art; for him, it is a continuation of his life of adult seriousness.

After New York University Law School, Jeffries spent seven years at a premier law firm (Paul, Weiss), then was at Viacom and CBS, then spent six years in New York's Legislature. Last week, while he was enjoying an almost abstemious breakfast (yogurt and cereal with berries, but also bacon), the morning paper was reporting Sen. Kamala Harris' intriguing plan to win the presidency while promising to take away 177 million Americans' private health insurance. That morning's paper also reported that 56 percent of Americans -- including majorities of women, Hispanics, blacks, urban residents, suburban residents, those under 65, college-educated whites -- say they will "definitely not" vote to re-elect the incumbent president.

Only Democrats can save this president. They can do so by nominating someone loopy enough to panic voters who are asking only for someone cheerful, intelligent and tethered to reality. Trump's hope is that Jeffries-style Democrats -- those with a Madisonian preference for a presidency proportional to its proper role, which is secondary to that of the First Branch -- do not prevail within their party.

 Surely the silliest aspirant for the Democrats' 2020 presidential nomination is already known: "Beto," aka Robert Francis, O'Rourke is a skateboarding man-child whose fascination with himself caused him to live-stream a recent dental appointment for -- open-wide, please -- teeth cleaning. His journal about his post-election recuperation-through-road-trip-to-nowhere-in-particular is so without wit or interesting observations that it merits Truman Capote's description of "On the Road" author Jack Kerouac's work: That's not writing, that's typing.

When Democrats are done flirting with such insipidity, their wandering attentions can flit to a contrastingly serious candidacy, coming soon from Minnesota. The land of 10,000 lakes and four unsuccessful presidential candidates (Harold Stassen, Hubert Humphrey, Eugene McCarthy, Walter Mondale) now has someone who could break the state's losing streak. Sen. Amy Klobuchar is the person perhaps best equipped to send the current president packing.

To get the boring part over with, she satisfies the 2020 Chromosome Criterion: The Democratic nominating electorate is disproportionately female and eager to achieve what they came tantalizingly close to in 2016, a female president. Now, about politics and policy.

She is from a state contiguous with Iowa, whose caucuses might, or might not, be as big a deal in 2020 as they have been since Jimmy Carter's 1976 success in them propelled him toward the presidency. (Early voting for California's March 3 primary, in which probably 11 percent of delegates to the Democratic National Convention will be allocated, begins the day of Iowa's caucuses, so some candidates might slight Iowa in order to court California.) Minnesota also borders Wisconsin, one of the three Rust Belt states (the others are Michigan and Pennsylvania) that Donald Trump took that had voted Democratic in at least six consecutive presidential elections. She is from the Midwest, where Democrats need help in Michigan (Trump carried it by just 0.3 percent of the vote), Iowa (Trump by 9 percentage points), Ohio (Trump by 9 points).

Minnesota has voted Democratic in 11 consecutive presidential elections (since it spurned George McGovern, from neighboring South Dakota, in 1972). It has more electoral votes (10) than such swing states as New Hampshire (4), Iowa (6), Nevada (6) and Colorado (9). But Minnesota's blueness has been fading: Barack Obama defeated Mitt Romney by 8 percentage points in 2012, but four years later Hillary Clinton defeated Trump by just 1.5 points.

Klobuchar, who will be 59 in May, is the daughter of a newspaper columnist. Surmounting this handicap, she went to Yale, then to the University of Chicago Law School, then to a law firm. Then to a maternity ward, where she was provoked: Her infant daughter had a serious problem, but the rule at the time was that new mothers should be out of the hospital in 24 hours, which kindled her interest in public policy. After a stint as the elected prosecuting attorney of Hennepin County (Minneapolis-St. Paul), she won an open Senate seat in 2006. Last year she won a third term by a 24-point margin.

Her state has a significant farming population and agribusiness (e.g., Cargill, General Mills, Land O'Lakes, Hormel), so she has had practice speaking to populations and interests that Democrats need, and speaking against trade wars in which farmers quickly become collateral damage. She has become informed about what could be one of the most salient issues in 2020 -- the high costs of prescription drugs. In the Almanac of American Politics' most recent (2015) vote rankings, she was the 27th most liberal senator, liberal enough to soothe other liberals without annoying everyone else.

 Margaret Thatcher's description of herself as a "conviction politician" alarmed some Britons but delighted others because her convictions were incompatible with the flaccid centrist consensus that had produced their nation's 1970s stagnation. In 1979, voters rolled the dice, sending her to Downing Street. In Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, Democrats have their Thatcher, if they dare.

When elected leader of Britain's Conservatives, Thatcher, disgusted by a colleague's rhetorical mush about a glorious "middle way," slammed onto a table Friedrich Hayek's tome "The Constitution of Liberty" and exclaimed, "This is what we believe!" Today, with a forthrightness perhaps more bracing than prudent, Warren advocates a radical agenda that is approximately Thatcherism -- capitalism invigorated -- inverted. Furthermore, Warren bristles with a progressive's version of Thatcher's pugnacity that caused one of her Conservative colleagues to say that "she can't look at a British institution without hitting it with her handbag."

Warren is too busy inveighing against "corruption" to define it precisely, but she probably means what economists call rent-seeking, which in the context of politics means bending government power for private advantage, either by conferring advantages on oneself or imposing disadvantages on competitors. Although Warren's inveighing is virtuous, her program would substantially exacerbate the problem by deepening government's involvement in the allocation of wealth and opportunity.

She was a registered Republican from 1991 to 1996 because "I thought that those were the people who best supported markets." Today, she favors "big structural change." Her Accountable Capitalism Act would produce the semi-nationalization of large corporations, with federal charters requiring (among other things) 40 percent of their directors to be elected by employees. Such accountable-to-government (not to markets) corporations must have "a material positive impact on society ... when taken as a whole." This gaseous metric will be defined and applied by government. Such federalization of corporate law would inevitably be the thin end of an enormous wedge of government control, crowding out market signals. As would her Climate Risk Disclosure Act. And her American Housing and Economic Mobility Act. And her Affordable Drug Manufacturing Act (government-run production of generic drugs).

What law professor Richard Epstein calls Warren's "surreptitious socialism" would, he says, "likely lead to the largest flight of capital from the United States in history." Foreign investors -- domestic ones, too -- will not want to put wealth in corporations subservient to the political agendas of government. And the agendas of various "stakeholders" deemed to have rights comparable to those of shareholders who actually own corporations, and to whom corporate directors have the fiduciary duty to maximize their shares' value.

Warren exemplifies progressivism's sentimental belief in disinterested government that, unlike human beings (except government employees), has motives as pure as the driven snow. She should read his 2003 essay "What Is Public Choice Theory?", wherein economist James M. Buchanan, a Nobel laureate, used economic reasoning -- determining how incentives influence behavior -- to demystify politics. He argued that politicians and bureaucrats seek to maximize power the way many people in the private sector maximize monetary profits.

She leavens her sentimentality with nostalgia: "When I was a kid, a minimum-wage job in America would support a family of three. It would pay a mortgage, keep the utilities on and put food on the table." Well. The Adam Smith Institute's Tim Worstall suggests some pertinent arithmetic: When Warren was 10 in 1959, the federal hourly minimum wage ($1, which would be $8.55 in 2018 dollars) for 2,000 hours (40 hours a week for 50 weeks) would provide $2,000 a year, below the poverty threshold ($2,324) for a family of three.

